0.16.0 release (#954)
packit/packit: CHANGELOG.md

# 0.16.0

## Minor changes and fixes

> - Improve sandcastle logging, instead of list returns single string

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Correctly log output when using sandcastle (packit-service) since it returns `str` and not `List[str]`.
```

> - Improve sandcastle logging, instead of list returns single string
> - Improve action output logging, user actions are logged by default as `INFO`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Improve sandcastle logging, instead of a list returns a single string.
- Improve action output logging, user actions are logged by default as `INFO`.
```

> - Improve action output logging, user actions are logged by default as `INFO`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improve action output logging: you will see the output from actions by default.
```
